The Joe Rogan experience, Colin Kaepernick thing. All right.
Don't you think that at least some good has come out
of him doing that,
where it sort of raised awareness for police brutality?
Just let it just put it to the forefront. Let people like,
let people understand that this is a problem.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Because I think that he made a serious error,
which is that the most positive movements in American social history have been
ones that don't kneel for the flag, but say in the name of the flag,
you should do X, right? So Martin Luther king said in the name of the flag,
civil rights are necessary. Booker T Washington said in the name of the flag,
civil rights are necessarily,
they didn't say the American flag stands for racism, Jim Crow.
They said the American flag stands for something beyond that live up to the
American flag. But here's, here's my trashing.
The American flag is like endemic of police brutality is first of all, it's.
But second of all,
it's actually divisive on an issue that does not need to be divisive.
Like nobody's in favor of police brutality, nor should anyone be.
Counterpoint. Why is it trashing the American flag to take a knee?
Isn't that in some ways,
just another gesture of respect,
like you are not doing what everybody wants you to do,
which is put your hand over your heart,
but you're doing something that's also respectful and silent.
You're not standing up and going, the American flag. these people.
You're actually taking it to another level of respect. You're taking a knee,
you're bending the knee.
Whether you're doing it for something that you want to talk about later saying,
I'm not going to stand up because this is my way of acknowledging the fact that
there have been a lot of people that have been mistreated by police and murdered
by police. And this is how I do it. This is how I treat racist police,
killing black people. I take that moment to take a knee.
Like how has that so disrespectful? Like how has that any, it's a,
just a silent gesture. It's not uniform.
Like it's not doing this thing that everybody else is doing,
but you're doing something that's very respectful. You're taking a knee.
Well,
that's certainly not the way that he intended when he first started that way.
I mean, if you want to interpret it that way you can. Well,
how do you know what his intention? Because he literally talked about it.
I mean, he said that marijuana is a highlight that, right? He said it,
but he said, America is a systemically racist country.
He wore socks with pictures of cops, pigs on them. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. I mean, Colin Kaepernick is a terrible spokesperson for this moment.
Like again, like these.
Are these humans. Well,
the people that have taken a knee and don't you think that if you just look at
the gesture itself is taking a knee even more respectful than standing with your
hand over your heart.
Than I imagined millions of us would routinely take a knee for the American
flag. I mean, the idea.
Of that was the thing you had to do if the, if the D but again,
this guy decided to stand and put his hand over his heart. Really? It's just,
it's sort of a traditional thing where we're arguing over.
Well, I mean, it isn't the way that it was expressed.
It's sort of morphed over time to the point where it doesn't necessarily mean
what he originally meant. That to me.
He's going folk you while everybody else has their hand over their heart and
silence, but he's taking a knee.
He didn't mean it as an F-you. I mean, there's no question.
That's what he meant it is. He,
and it wasn't even over something that actually made sentence.
Like you understand, during the civil rights movement,
when people are raising the black power fist at the Olympics to say like,
we're fighting for civil rights,
Jim Crow is still an operation around the country, right?
Colin Kaepernick taking the needs,
who symbolized in America's police are systemically brutal,
and racist is just it's factually untrue.
And to attribute that to the American flag is really kind of nasty.
Not a statistician, right? So he's looking at things like the Eric Gardner case,
or, you know, [inaudible]
, which is a terrible one, right? There's there's cases that you see, like when the
guy's just selling loose cigarettes and they're straight out of
the store, it's terrible case you see something like that. And that motivates him to do that. And I know what you're saying that these are anecdotes and this,
this
doesn't encompass the full statistics of cops versus black men. And how, what, what is
it exactly is happening, but that's not his area of expertise. Anyway, he has.
He has a nation through that.
So making him a spokesperson for a movement where he has no expertise is a weird
thing to do.
There are plenty of people who talk about this with actual statistical knowledge.
Person. And you, you decide to take this big stand publicly like that. Yeah.
After you get benched for Blaine Gabbert. Yeah.
If you get blend bench for Blaine,
Gabbert and take millions of bucks from a major corporation currently,
is that the guy? Yeah. The immortal blink Albert, the hall of Famer, Blaine,
Gabbert who played like Glenn Gabbert was an NFL quarterback who sucked. I mean,
he was terrible and they benched Colin Kaepernick for him.
And it was after he got bench that he started doing the kneeling for the,
for the American flag sports broadcaster, who knows nothing about sports.
People try to talk to me about athletes, explain me.
If you'd explain it the way that you're explaining it.
Meaning we're not living up to the American flag, which is why I'm kneeling.
I wouldn't be arguing with it. He didn't explain it that way. That, that wasn't,
that wasn't the way it went down.
But it's just him. What do you think about God?
There's certain guys that like lock arms during the American flag. Okay.
Locking arms. Okay. But kneeling.
Well, no. Well, the way that he characterized his kneeling was bad. Okay.
Meaning like, um, but what about other people that kneel?
If they characterize it differently, it means a different thing. Right? I mean,
meaning like what it originally was is what it was. I'm not going to,
retcon what he meant at the time he was the first to do it. Right. Right.
And then he, and then he made millions of dollars for his bravery.
I think again,
I don't think it takes a whole hell of a lot of bravery to be benched for blend
Gabbert, take a knee, make millions of bucks from Nike.
Claiming that Robert fellow's terrible.
QB rating is all you really need to know. Not,
not a good quarterback is the answer.
Sure. So as Colin Kaepernick, I mean, I don't as a, an athlete,
is he not good?
He's a terrific athlete. He just not a very good quarterback. So, I mean,
he had one fantastic season. He led the 49ers to the super bowl.
And then like a lot of kind of one hit wonders in sports.
People kind of figured them out season two and his QB rating started to decline.
But I mean, look,
bottom line is that the making him the spokesperson of a movement where he
really,
I don't like the idea that you are going to attribute to all of America,
a sin that is number one, anecdotal in nature.
And number two can not be attributed to America's highest ideals.
You're doing it wrong. If you want to fight police brutality,
say America is not living up to her promises. Say that the promise of America,
like there is a way to convince every successful social movement in American
history has done this. The gay rights movement to this,
the gay rights movement said, listen,
everybody in America has been guaranteed a certain level of freedom and we're
not being guaranteed. That level of freedom, right?
The freedom to pursue happiness is not being guaranteed to us.
We're just asking that we be left alone, leave us alone. And it took time.
But most Americans came around to that perspective,
that the same thing holds true on race.
The same thing holds true on police brutality.
If you make an invocation and you say to Americans as Americans,
I know that over time,
my fellow Americans are going to come to realize that they need to live in
accordance with the fundamental principles that founded the country.
That's unifying to say that the American flag is inherently non unifying is,
is really bad. Like to the point where you now have college campuses,
where if you fly an American flag,
there there've been cases where people are asked to take it down because it's
too divisive like that. That does seem crazy.
When you say it's anecdotal that he's reacting to something that's
anecdotal,
but there's many of those anecdotes and that you see them over and over again,
the problem is they're so there's, they're so prevalent. There's so many videos.
So this, his friend,
Joe Schilling is a kickboxer and his entire Instagram has been dedicated to bad
cops over the last few months. Just showing all these videos of bad cops.
I mean, yes, it's anecdotal, but God. There's a lot of, yeah. Oh.
There's 330 million police interactions every year. So yeah. Yeah. Now what.
Was the initial interaction that Juan, what was his motivation to do that?
Was there an, uh, a single instance of police brutality that caused him to do.
That? I don't remember which season he did this. This would have been three,
four years ago. So I'm trying to remember.
I don't think it was the Michael Brown situation.
Cause I remember there were protests in the NFL over Michael Brown, right.
Which was actually a bad anecdote.
Like that was a bad one for people to pick people were doing the hands up.
Don't shoot. That didn't actually happen. Right.
He actually tried to grab the gun from the copy. The gun went off in the car.
He charged the cop by witness testimony. All the witnesses were black. You know,
the theater gardener one is a much cleaner, right? Well, the,
the Eric Garner one is cleaner in terms of police brutality.
It's not super clean in terms of racism or even cause of death.
So this is one of the problems, police brutality, police brutality, for sure.
It's kind of like, it's actually, you know,
I'm warning people now that what happens in the George Floyd case with Derek
Shelvin, like they should be warned upfront.
I want this police officer punished.
I think everyone wants the police officer punished.
The defense is going to make a case that the police officer is not responsible
for George Floyd's death in exactly the same way that the New York police
officers made the case, that they were not responsible for Eric Garner's death.
And that the autopsy, the, the initial autopsy tends to support that.
So what that suggests is not that Derek Shelvin is good or clean or decent,
but if you're going to charge him with murder, that's,
that's a hard charge to make just on a legal level.
So I'm warning people now of that because the mood, the next move will be,
obviously the system is racist. If they're Shaolin,
doesn't get convicted of first degree murder,
it's going to be very hard to convict him. I think you're catching with second.
It's going to be very difficult to, to be charged with second.
Right? Because at first would mean premeditated, right? Third.
Well, he was charged with third originally and then Keith Ellison,
the ag over there elevated it to second degree.
I think that it's very difficult to make the case for second degree murder.
What were you pulling up? Jamie? You had something you want to say.
Yeah, well, I had the part of when this actually started in 2016,
he started studying. Let's keep doing that.
He started by sitting and people started getting video of him sitting as a
preseason was starting. So he then talked to a teammate.
They discussed kneeling was the best thing for him to do at the time. Um.
Do you remember, do you know which incident kinda kicked it off? That's.
Why I was going to play the video,
but that's why I had to hear the actual first video of him talking about him
donating a million dollars community. I think he had guns drawn on him,
which is probably what started. Okay. Here's him talking about that.
And I've been very blessed to be in this position and be able to make the kind
of money I do. And I have to help these people.
I have to help these communities. It's not right,
that they're not put in a position to succeed or given those
opportunities to succeed. And as far as taking a knee tonight,
uh, Eric, as well as myself, had a long conversation with Nate Boyer,
who is a military vet. And
we were talking to him about how can we get the message back on track and not
take away from the military,
not take away from five in our country,
but keep the focus on what the issues were.
And as we talked about it, we came up with taking a knee, um,
because there are issues that still need to be addressed.
And it was also a way to try to show more respect to the men and
women that fight for this.
Country because that's better,
obviously that's him scroll down for a second because I think.
That that's his, that's 2016. So.
Look at this one. Okay. Look at the one right below that. Okay.
This is the one I'm talking about.
I'm not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses
black people and people of color to me, that's the sentence right there.
So that's a different.
That was four or five days after these statements were made.
So he said he changed after talking to someone who made oh, okay.
Right. So the initial explanation is the one that I was talking.
About. Okay. So he revised his feelings on it.
And then, well, that's not a reasonable. It started with this.
Cabernet,
had guns drawn on him by cops for being one of the only black guys in his town.
Yeah. That seems super reasonable. What he said there, about how.
Military military rather,
although he recently released a video that sort of goes back to the original
explanation, suggesting that America is endemically and systemically racist,
which is, which is a problem.
That's a hot take right now. It's good. It's very popular.
Yeah. No, that's, that's a big one. Yeah. That's a big one. Yeah.
[Inaudible].